Today is DIU Takeoff Programming Contest.Every single people around the world knows about this contest.Even Outside the world there exist a planet Called "Pogramming World" knows about our contest.
In the contest, DIU-CPC invited the people of "Programming World" to attend the contest(their exists a lot of programmers).Alike men in earth, aliens are just like the english characters ( 'a' to 'z' and A to 'Z') .

The alien came to the airport of dhaka in the morning,after arriving in Bangladesh they went to visit many historical places (but not every alien). 
Before 2 hours to start the contest,DIU provided 1 bus for taking them to DIU campus.
Though Takeoff contest is very famous,many people want to attend here so it's seat is limited.So the bus driver is given an algorithm by DIU-programmers to take the alien in bus .

Alien were waiting different bus stand for DIU-bus,though the alien visited many places so they are not in the same stand.(Every stands are in the same straight line).
Bus-driver went to the farest stand from DIU campus , from first stand he took the first alien form the group of alien standing serially,then the bus went to second stand for second alien and so on.
For example, if you are
analyzing the third group of alien , you should consider its third position alien, but if it just has two alien, then you
should try to take a alien with the third position of the fourth group.

Now,Write a Program to find the alien who can participate in DIU takeoff programming contest.

Input:
Input starts with an integer T (<= 30), denoting the number of test cases in first line of input.then there is a blank line before the
first test case. Each test case represents the total number of aliens(1<=A<=10^5) standing in groups(1<=G<=100) in different bus stands(Every bus stand will separate by a single blank space). 

Output:
For each test case you must print the number of the test case and which alien can enter into bus for contest,
one per line (look the sample output for the exact format). You must print a blank line between each
test case.


Sample Input
2

Hi Good Lawyer
My Horrible Sound

Sample Output

Case 1: H o w
Case 2: M o u